Did you see the 2024 BioRand finals? #WhatARace!
Have you seen an orca around here?
Can't wait for the Code Veronica randomizer!
We're watching you. And we know who you are, behind that screen.
Hopefully someone will find that missing chicken. I mean, missing hen.. What even is the difference? Tsk.
My uncle who works at Umbrella told me that they used to have cyborgs in Raccoon City.
Wh-Why are you talking to me? Shouldn't you be calling the police?
Bro, you have to try the new "Cherry Berry" drink! You'll feel like a goddamn wrestling superstar after that!
I have to say, I really miss President Kendo. May he rest in peace.
Don't listen to all these Kendo GunShop fanatics, John's GunShop is where its at.
I'm telling you, the Great Kendo War happened! It's not a hoax! Why doesn't anyone listen to me?
I do wonder what happened to that Elza girl.
Yesterday, right when I was about to sleep, I heard a whisper in my ear. It said "I'm the Bitman"... Scariest shit I've ever seen. Well, heard.
Oh, looking for the Captain? He's probably in that penthouse of his, along with his eight wives and husbands. Success really went to his head, I guess. Shame.
I guess in the end, we really are the Evil Residents. Ponder on that for a second..
Grant Bitman.. Why does this name feel so familiar.. Like a distant memory..
There was a weird dude and his sister that came by earlier today. Martinez and Tracey, I think. Looked like they were on the run.
You know what this party is missing? My wife... Oh Janet, come home...
Apparently, there's gonna be a hurricane soon. I'll be staying here though, because this is the place to be Before, During and After The Storm.
Oh, you dig my clothes? Thank you! It's the latest Zky collection.
Did you hear? Snipz forgot the club key's on the door last week. People got inside and everything.
Have you seen a girl with half-tinted hair? Rune-something, I think. I want to ask her number but apparently, she prefers people with sunglasses. Or grey hair.
Duuude, that new mix tape from Sikshadow? It's so sick... shadow. Get it? Urh, never mind.
This place is weird. I feel like I met two dozen guys named Chris or Leon but they never look the same.
Some weirdo came by a few days ago, screaming about some lineage stuff. The owners kicked him out as soon as possible.
Do you believe that the gods will, one day, burn this place to the ground? I hope they don't. That would be a Katastrophe.
I missed him! The BioRand Race champ was here earlier, SnookyShogun in the flesh! What I would give for an autograph.
Did you see the biorand tournament final? What a race between EvilCherryBerry and SnookyShogun! So close!
Will you be participating in the next biorand tournament?
If you ever see DeathNoDamage, please tell him to stop breaking the randomizer.
Hey, it's me, CaptainKashup. I'm the voice in your head and I want to tell YOU that you DO matter. Never forget that, alright?
I talked to the owners and they told me that a single man built this place. Resevil-something. Isn't that wild?
Snipz is a good bartender. Well, when he's here and not on that dang console of his. If it were for me, we would banned all these stinky video-games.
Some kid told me there's a railway station up ahead from here. Might go and check it out.
Have you the seen the trailer for "Agent Gelzer: Last Stand of Humanity"? That's a day one for me.
Another INSANE rando done and dusted, eh?
Got some rare things on sale stranger.
Would you like to play RE 6 with me?
My chest! It's burning!
Sorry but I think you're mistaking for someone else. I'm just a normal Stoneville citizen.
It's weird, every time people get a bit drunk around here, they start talking like we're in a simulation or something.
Oh, you're from Raccoon? I knew a guy from there, Wolf Tennessee. He really, really liked pain for some reason. Freaked me out, if I'm being honest.
I wish they would paint the cups in yellow, how am I supposed to see what I'm trying to grab without it?
... Do you always run-up to random people you don't know in a club? Fuckin' weirdo.
It's pretty cold outside at this time of the year, don't forget your protective coat.
Oh thank god, please. I don't know why I'm here, I'm stuck, can't move my legs! It's been months, just kill me, please!
I am looking for a Dino Crisis randomizer, know of any?
These Jill Sandwiches they sell at the bar are really tasty.
